{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 * Gaius et al have decided that the best way to try to break out of today\'92s loop is to produce as much energy as possible in a single day. This involves the combination of the world\'92s supply of hydrogen bombs and the Large Hadron Collider\
god\
* There is one person in the world who wakes up last. There is a story there. \
* There is one person in the world who wakes up first. There is a story there. \
* There is a leader (or leader) of the group of thought that thinks that everything is caused by god/aliens/ghosts/physics there are stories there\
* The worst first day. \
* The best first day. \
* What do people do as soon as they realize the rules?\
* What do reporters do?\
* What do cooks do?\
* What do cops do?\
* What do infants do?\
* What do caretakers do?\
* What do world leaders do?\
* How long does it take for all social services to collapse?\
* Who gains the most wieght in a day\
* who loses the most weight in a day?\
* Who runs the furthest distance in a day?\
* How important are people with idedic memories?\
* A conversation between two people on the premise \'93what if tomorrow were actually a new tomorrow? What if it ended? What would you do?\'94}