{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 23rd, 5:34 am GMT, Pacific Coast, USA\
945,366\
Jeff\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Jeff called it simply \'93Thud\'94. \
Whether or not The Thud had been happening all day, or for a thousand years, or for all eternity, Jeff didn\'92t know, but it had been going on for a long fucking time. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 THUD. \
THUD. \
THUD. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 After The Thud, Jeff wakes up. He hasn\'92t had much sleep. The last thing he remembered, he pulled off on the side of the road to catch some shuteye. He\'92d been nodding off at the wheel and decided that sleep was a much safer activity to undertake while stationary. He had choppy dreams - intruders at his parent\'92s house, getting caught being drunk at work by his boss, something very sexy with that clerk at the gas station\'85\
Here\'92s what happened the very first time he woke up from those dreams:\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 THUD!\
Jeff wakes up. A tree as thick as a storm drain obliterates his wind-shield as well as most of the front half of his car. There is one quick heartbeat between consciousness and the oddly painless experience of having the mounting bracket from the sunroof enter his head above the left temple and exiting through his right cheek. Then, all is quiet and unfathomably dark. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 After a brief moment of nothingness, the process starts again. It seems like this grisly vignette is all that has ever been - all that will ever be. His whole life was some clip of a horror movie stuck on loop.\
THUD.\
THUD.\
THUD. \
There were a few times, forever ago, when Jeff tried with all his might to dodge the metal with the most desperate immediacy that his body could muster. None of those attempts were successful. At most, he could move his head in any direction a mere fraction of an inch before impact. That was as fast as his body could move in the time allowed. Most of these attempts didn\'92t yield different results. But the others - mother of god, they were bad. \
A fraction of an inch of desperate head jerking could cause the spike to miss the pons - the part of the brain responsible for consciousness. Leaving the pons intact was much worse. His body was crushed, and his head was immobilized by a makeshift 2-inch-wide skewer. The pain was unimaginable. Though he did get a chance to stay in the world a minute or two longer than usual before passing out from the pain, those minutes were sheer torture. Occasionally, through the seemingly countless millennia of THUD, he\'92d jerk his head to the side again. The results reminded why it had been so long since he\'92d tried that.  \
\
Jeff wakes up. As always, THE THUD is waiting for him. The pain waits for him. He hopes for some release that will never come. Instead, Jeff takes in a sharp half-breath to gear up for a scream. He feels a tickle on his temple. Blackness. \
\
THUD. He glances at the streetlight through the crumpled remains of the driver-side window. Blackness. \
THUD. Jeff embarks on a quest to wiggle a toe - the tendon tightens against shoe-leather. Blackness.\
THUD. He still hasn\'92t decided if that one sound is a really loud frog or just part of the symphony of shearing metal and glass pinatas. Blackness. \
THUD.\
 \
Jeff is surprisingly able to keep a pretty stable train of thought despite the unstoppable progression of THUDs. He\'92s also able to vaguely remember the before-time. There was an anti-social high school period. A promiscuous and sinful college montage. Something about a wedding, a kid, and the best dog a man could have. But they were all jumbled by now. Reality seemed hard to believe anymore.\
\
THUD. \
THUD. \
THUD. \
\
\'93You\'92ve got to MOVE YOUR ASS, MISTER!\'94.\
\
Jeff is yanked out of the car, just as the THUD does the same thing it had done for all eternity, but this time with Jeff watching from the ground four feet away instead of his usual prone spot in the driver\'92s seat. \
\
For once, reality was full of surprises.\
\
\'93Bet you\'92re happy to see me!\'94  \
\
Jeff\'92s solipsism slipped away for a moment while his senses reoriented themselves to brand new inputs. He heard someone say 
\f0\i What the fuck is happening right now?. 
\f1\i0 It wasn\'92t until the other man spoke that he realized that he had asked the question - he\'92d forgotten what his own voice sounded like, or what it felt like to speak at all. \
\
\'93What do you mean \'91what\'92s happening?\'92? I just saved your life. Well, rather, I just gave you an extra  day of it that you wouldn\'92t have had otherwise.\'94 The other man winked as he said it, seeming to expect a smile in return. When Jeff just sat there on the ground, his expression changing from panicked and flushed to horrified and confused, the other man\'92s smile dropped.\
\
\'93Oh, no. It can\'92t be. This isn\'92t your first time, is it? \'85 I suppose your silence answers that. Dear me - all those endless years being crushed by that tree. That must have been - I can\'92t imagine - mind rending. I wonder if you even know who you are anymore\'85 What\'92s your name, mister?\'94\
\
Jeff\'92s mouth opened instinctively to answer the question, but no noise came out. It seemed like the simplest question ever asked - probably the one he\'92d answered most in his life. The answer would tickle his tongue into stutters, but that was it. He had to think way, way back to the before-time. There was a time in retail. A bookstore? No - a video store. Where he regularly stole candy and took home new releases even though his manager explicitly told him not too. There was a uniform. Those uncomfortable black slacks and that blue and yellow shirt that he\'92d worn hundreds of times. He couldn\'92t remember the name of the store, but he remembered the name tag. \
\
\'93Jeff.\'94\
\
\'93Good. Hi, Jeff. My name is Caius. Actually, this will be fun. It\'92s been centuries since I told someone about the new world for the first time. Unfortunately for you, time is something I ironically have very little of today. So where to start. Ah, of course. Ok, please tell me you\'92ve seen and remember the movie 
\f0\i Groundhog Day
\f1\i0 . That will help move matters along considerably.\'94 Caius questioned expectantly.\
\
\'93Yeah.\'94 His mind and mouth were in lock-step this time. Very early on, in the low double digits of the iterations of THUD, Jeff saw the similarities. Living the same day over and over again. Being able to remember all the previous run-throughs. Knowing exactly what\'92s going to happen and being unable to do anything about it. He\'92d spent a long time over the years thinking about that movie, wishing that he\'92d had a version of Ned Ryerson to punch or a Nancy to make love to instead of just being endlessly skewered through the brain by some random piece of a Chevy Lumina. He\'92d often wondered if there was a way out for him like there was for Bill Murry, but he\'92d given up on that notion long ago. \
\
\'93EXCELLENT! Ok, well, this world is just like that. Only difference is, everyone on the planet is living their own personal groundhog day simultaneously. That\'92s really all you need to know to navigate this world. The rest can be intuited.\'94 Caius glanced at his watch. \'93I\'92ve got three minutes before I need to leave, so here\'92s what we\'92re going to do. I\'92ll run through quick answers to the questions you\'92re most likely to have, then I\'92ll let you ask one of your own. Lastly, I\'92ll give you the most important advice you\'92ve ever been given in your life.\'94\
\
Jeff began stammering some unformed objection or question, but the man charged ahead of him. \
\
\'93First of all, no, no one knows why or how this is happening. There are plenty of people who claim they do, but they lack evidence for those claims. Second, as of the last time I checked the boards, this day has been repeated 945,366 times, so about 2,600 years. Third, there\'92s no way out. No matter what you do, you\'92ll always start tomorrow laying in that car about to be crushed by a tree. Other than your memories, the initial conditions never change. That is, unless some good samaritan like me who wakes up earlier than you comes by and drags you our of the car before the tree falls. Unfortunately, sir, in this world, you didn\'92t just get the short end of the stick - you got a long, jagged splinter through the dick. You have my deepest sympathies.\'94 He looked at his watch again. \
 \
\'93Well, that should cover the basics. You\'92ve got 48 seconds to ask a question and for me to respond.\'94\
\
Jeff\'92s mind reeled. He hadn\'92t had to talk or think or listen or do anything with urgency for, apparently,  millennia. \
\
\'9340 seconds.\'94\
\
He couldn\'92t work through the implications of what he\'92d just heard quickly enough to ask a question worthy of this moment. Was there someone he should look for? Wasn\'92t there a Samie? No - Sarah\'85 Sara without an \'91h\'92. A wife. Should he ask about her?\
\
\'9330. Got a question?\'94\
\
Something primal bubbled up from deep inside. He hardly remembered Sara, and she\'92d apparently lived through half an ice age without him. He didn\'92t think she\'92d be eager for a May-December relationship. The primal bubbling didn\'92t concern her. \
\
\'9315 seconds. Now or never, Jeff.\'94\
\
\'93Where\'92s the nearest bar?\'94\
\
Caius belly-laughed. \'93That, my friend, is a perfectly appropriate question.\'94 He pointed towards a gas station about a quarter mile down the road. \'93There\'92s a 7-11 there. It is usually pretty well stocked this early, but it goes fast. If you walk down past the light, there\'92s a semi pulled over on the on-ramp. It\'92s stocked with air freight and tons of those mini-bottles of liquor; must have been headed to the airport.\
Now, for that advice. I\'92m not coming back tomorrow or the next day, so, if you want to avoid getting killed by that tree for a long, long time 
\f0\i (Caius started walking away and getting into a car, talking faster and louder)
\f1\i0  you\'92ll need to find someone who wakes up before you and talk them into waking you up tomorrow. Eventually, you\'92ll have to figure out a way to barter with someone so that they\'92re willing to pull you out of that car every morning. Hopefully you can see how imperative it is that you succeed in this task. I wish I could do more to help, but I\'92ve put something in motion that has taken me a very, very long time to organize, and today\'92s the last day I\'92ll have for a while to help you out. \
I truly hope that you find help. Find me and let me know if you do. If not, I\'92ll come drag you out of that car in a century or so. I\'92m sorry I can\'92t do more. Good luck.\'94\
\
\'93NOO! Wait!\'94 Jeff screamed, but it was too late. The gas pedal in the Corvette was already floored before the man had shut the door. His plaintive cries were drowned out by the engine and then replaced with the birds and frogs of early dusk. \
\
Jeff should have taken the advice, obviously. But he didn\'92t. He didn\'92t believe what he\'92d been told. He didn\'92t believe that he was alive. He was in purgatory, or hell, or being shaken around in the snow globe of some angry god. He barely knew his own name, but he did believe in a cold one after one helluva long day. So he walked to the 7-11 and used a trash can to bust through the door. He opened the fridge door and helped himself to an IPA that was more expensive than the ones he\'92d usually buy in the before-time. Then another. And another. An hour later, he\'92d already had 5 and felt better than he had in 2,600 years. He stumbled through the snack aisles and sampled everything - half a Twinkie, a handful of each type of Dorito, and slurpee straight from the spigot. Soon thereafter, others started pouring into the convenience store, all with clear purpose. A few attempted to engage Jeff, the new guy, in conversation, but his speech was too slurred to be understood. A few minutes later, with his shirt speckled with nacho cheese from the hot dog bar and a wide grin on his face, he snuggled into the most blissful nap imaginable.\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 THUD
\f1\i0 . }