{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Italic{\*\falt Georgia Italic};\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs22 \cf0 October 23rd, 5:34 am GMT, Pacific Coast, USA\
945,386\
Jonas\
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0  \
Caius set the bear trap on Jonas\'92 skull while he laid there sleeping, oh so peacefully. He practiced the words he planned to say again for the hundredth time. He was ready. He pulled the pin on the trap\'85 then there was goo. Just goo to talk to - no person anymore.\
 \
\'85\
\
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 Three hundred years of his life\'85 three hundred years yielding no fruitful results. The best idea so far proven as hopelessly off base as all the others. His fury over the loss had burned white hot for months. Now the flame had died down to embers, but they kept his melancholy uncomfortably warm. Too warm - sweaty and ready to fight. \
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0  \
\'85\
\
Caius set the bear trap on Jonas\'92 skull while he laid there sleeping, oh so peacefully. He practiced the words he planned to say again for the one-hundred and 7th time. He was ready. He adjusted the strength of the firing down one half step - an adjustment of approximately 150 ft pounds of force. He pulled the pin. This time there wasn\'92t goo, but there was a terrifically nasty sound of metal crunching bone followed by a brief scream and then nothing.\
\
\'93Jonas, sorry to have awakened you.\'94\
Extended silence.\
\
\'93Jonas. JONAS!\'94 A long, multi-sigh-punctuated period of silence. \'93Damn it, Steven, you\'92ve got to know your traps better.\'94\
 \
\'85\
\
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 Three hundred years. A solid half of them spent rebuilding things he already had fully operational at one point - people got bored or developed a hard drug problem or met someone NEW. All that time spent retraining, reconvincing, relitigating the plan against fresh recruits. Even with infinity stretched out mockingly before him, that time still had the stench of ripe waste to it. \
\
... \
\pard\li720\sl276\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0  \
Cauis bear trap. Sleepy Jonas. Pin pulled - no goo, no \'91god damnit steve\'92s just wailing. Exactly what Caius wanted, supposedly.\
\
\'93Oh, ah, Jonas, I see you\'92re awake! Allow me to introduce myself\'85\'94\
\
\'93OHH AHH I know who the fuck you are, motherfucker! I\'92m gonna AHHHNNNDHH find you after today and then you\'92re gonna PAYYIEIEIEIEIE!\'94\
\
Jonas spit and sniped and groaned, but Caius continued on with his soliloquy - mostly on script.\
\
\'93Possible. Yes, possible I\'92ll pay for this. Between this mask, the throat mic that alters my voice, and the fact that we\'92ve never met before, I\'92d give it a less than one percent chance that you\'92ll find and torture me as retribution. So, well within the realms of the infinite possibility of these lives we lead. But I knew that coming into this, didn\'92t I? At any rate, do you know why I\'92m here?\'94\
\
Due to Jonas\'92 threats of inventive rape during the last bit, he had to repeat himself. \
\
Forcefully. \'93DO YOU KNOW WHY I\'92M HERE?\'94\
\
The bear trap grip on Jonas\'92 skull elicited a calmed response in short order. Diminutively he squeaked \'93because I\'92ve been bad?\'94\
\
\'93YES! Yessir, you\'92ve been a really bad boy, as you well know. As a result of your prior and consistent badness, I regret to inform you that you have been sentenced.\
\
\'93Fuck.\'94\
\
\'93\'92Fuck\'92 is right, my brother. An understatement if anything.\'94 Caius looked out the window and shuddered slightly. Not from the cold night outside, but the cold days laid out before him. \'93Take a look out of the window - what do you see?\'94\
\
Jonas did as he was told. The sight of it caught in his lungs - just stars. He hadn\'92t noticed the change in his morning vista through the blinding pain. Trying to turn his head further to look for the moon, to see where the waxing crescent may lie on the horizon, the rusted metal binding his cranium prevented further efforts. Regardless, the last crescent moon he\'92d seen and any information that its position might have given him had been lost a thousand years ago, so he didn\'92t know what he might be looking for.\
Silence and tremors overtook Jonas for some time. Feebly he rasped \'91what sentence?\'92\
\
\'93Forty days of this I\'92m afraid. Literally, I am afraid. I\'92ve never done this before. I guess we\'92ll have to learn together.\'94\
 \
 Jonas\'92 became sanguine once more, shredding his fingers in an effort to release the trap while babbling. Then he laid still. Somberly, \'93Look, buddy, this ain\'92t my first rodeo. Can\'92t tell you how many times I\'92ve heard this shit from puckered up pussies like you. Can\'92t remember how many times I\'92ve told \'91em this neither, but I\'92ll say it again. It\'92s just my biology, bud. Not even 
\f0\i me
\f1\i0  can stop it from happening for a while - how the fuck you think that 
\f0\i you
\f1\i0  can make me stop doing something 
\f0\i me 
\f1\i0 can\'92t do? 
\f0\i Me, 
\f1\i0 who knows what\'92s going to happen after I do it for a while? Point is, 40 days ain\'92t nothin\'92. Sure, I\'92ll scream. I\'92ll beg, but I got a place I go while this happens. It\'92s nice there - you know - being a spectator. I got a nice chair and beer and smokes and shit - in my mind. And you know what I do while I\'92m there? I watch. I watch 
\f0\i everything
\f1\i0 . And then, when it\'92s over, I know\'85\'94\
He paused briefly as Jonas unspooled a bag of sharp utensils neatly on the foot of the bed. Caius made no attempt to interrupt the man.\
\'93I watch, and I know. I ain\'92t that smart, but I figure it out. I figure out who the fuck you are. Some little do-gooder pussy trying to make the world a better place or whatever. I\'92ve been tortured for nigh on a century by now. Don\'92t like it, but it ain\'92t that bad - in that place I go to watch. But I know it all, my man. And when my sentence is over, you know happens? I find you. I fucking find you. And then I give you the worst that a hundred years of pussy torture has to offer, plus a few things I thought up on my own. Big chunk of my life I spent myself gettin\'92 immune to this shit. How you think you gonna take it? How 
\f0\i long
\f1\i0  you think you can take what I\'92m gonna give you? \'91Cause I\'92m gonna give the worst I can think of for as long as I think it takes for 
\f0\i you 
\f1\i0 to pay 
\f0\i your 
\f1\i0 sentence for your crimes, MOTHERFUCKER!! Now, if you don\'92t want to live looking over your shoulder for the rest of eternity, that is, when you\'92re not watching me EAT IT - YOUR SHOULDER I MEAN after I grilled it over a nice campfire, you just walk on and let the next little goody-too-shoes take on this job. You get me?\'94\
 \
Cauis stood solidly for a full minute, making eye contact with Jonas through the mask. He did not blink. Abruptly, he thrust his right thumb under the corner of the mask, ripped it off in an apparent panic. His left hand followed suit, ripping off the throat mic in a rush. Moonlight glinted off the perspiration on his brow - the tips of his hair danced on heavy breath.\
\'93Ok.\'94\
\
\'93You\'92ve made a good choice, my man. No hard feelings. I mean, hey, you may still wake up with a bear trap on yur head one-a these days, but ain\'92t so bad as what mighta happened\'94.  Jonas began to smile faintly as he said this.\
\
Cauis stood slightly taller. \'93You misunderstand me. I don\'92t say \'91ok\'92 in tacit agreement to your terms. Rather, I say it as a precursor to the sentence \'91OK, I see that you do not realize the severity of your situation\'92, which you clearly don\'92t. Can I show you something, Jonas?\'94 without waiting for an answer, Jonas walked to the incapacitated man\'92s right and turned on the television. His heaving of the combo DVD/VCR combo player across the room punctuated the silent night with the sounds of crumpled metal and skittering screws. Cauis made a display of adjusting the bunny ears attached to the set - a clockwise swing produced static - counterclockwise and it was gone. \'93As you can see, this is 
\f0\i live
\f1\i0 \'94. The program was Jimmy Fallon, right during the intro. Guests were being announced. The monologue started, and Jimmy gleefully iterated the stupendous lineup of guests he had prepared for the last day of sweeps week. During this time, the look on Jonas\'92 face took a rapid journey from warm reminiscence to confusion to abject terror.\
\'93What day do you wake up, Jonas?\'94\
Silence.\
\'93What day, Jonas?\'94\
\
\'93Motherfucker you know it\'92s Sunday, just like everyone else.\'94 He growled.\
\
\'93When\'92s the last time you saw a late night talk show on Friday night, Jonas?\'94\
\'93Two days, a thousand years, since God was around, I dunno.\'94\
 \
Terms between the two men were then understood.\
 \
\'93Jonas Stephan Miller, you have been found guilty of a crime against humanity. Namely, the repetitive rape of a thousand-year-old little girl next door named Stacey Draper. Furthermore, you have been found guilty of repeatedly torturing a number of your previous court-appointed enforcers. For this, your sentence is 40 days. In addition, if you are to engage in any of these actions ever again, or any similar such actions, the quorum has ordered an automatic punishment of an additional 40 days per offense.\'94\
 \
A whimper whispered through a small hole cleaved by the bear trap in Jonas\'92s cheek.\
 \
\'93I wake up 63 hours and more than a thousand miles away from you. Even if you figure out who I am, and even if you ever get your hands on me 63 hours and 1000+ miles from the comfy bed from whence I wake, whatever revenge you have will be brief and pointless. There could be no bigger upper hand. Even if I tire physically and emotionally of doling out your sentence, I have thousands of people lined up who will gladly take my spot - people who wake up early like me and are equally eager to take out their frustrations on the worst that humanity has to offer. The choice is simple. You\'92ll find a way to control your desires, or you will experience a literal eternity in literal hell. Hell is not easy to live through, nor is it easy to provide, so I hope you\'92ll do us all a favor and figure out how to be a good boy once your sentence has completed.\'94\
 \
Caius donned a glove and picked up a poker that he\'92d laid in the fire before Jonas awakened. He sighed heavily. And sighed again. The first sigh was for the previous 300 years of wasted effort. The second sigh was the kind the proceeds a tough job that needs doing. Then came a grim chuckle and the thought 
\f0\i well, it has been a very, very long time you\'92ve done something totally new. It will be grim. Awful really. But dear God, how NEW it will be!\

\f1\i0 Bringing the poker close enough to Jonas\'92 face that he could feel the heat through his cornea, Jonas said, barely audibly \'93I think I can be a good boy, mister. I really do. I really do. I really do\'85\'94\
\
Cauis paused then. He didn\'92t know if it was out of hesitance for the deed or respect for the moment. After a movement of no more than 2 inches, there was a smell that Caius had 
\f0\i literally 
\f1\i0 never smelled before. Before the scream in Jonas\'92 lungs had built up enough steam to spout, Caius made a grim pronouncement.\
\
\'93You need this to get better, Jonas. And so do I.\'94\
\
\
}