{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The longest lived person in this interminable day could hope to stay awake for a week at best. That being said, past the third day or so, memory, for most of us,  would become very spotty afterwards. Thus, the memory of the race, of humanity, must come from something other than a persistent person in this world, and indeed it does. \
There is the internet. The majority of it doesn\'92t need mindful soldiers to keep it alive. Sure, the internet itself is spotty. Every day there is a squirrel that bites the same wire in Inverness Florida knocking out regular internet for a big chunk of central Florida (though anyone with a 4G connected smart phone is fine, there are about 10,000 people who spend most of most days unwired. Except for those days for which the technicians revert to a zombie like trance to their typical day-to-day. Many communist regimes keep their collective thumbs on the off switch to their people\'92s lifeline to knowledge ffor centuries, but even they grow bored of their tasks. \
Technical whoopsidoos notwithstanding, the vast majority of the unconnected consist of yeomen and gauchos the world over. Folks who never had it in the first place. \
At any rate, the internet persists. It is erased and rewritten everyday, but it persists. Some take it on as their contribution to society to be an internet scribe. Of those, reddit it the most popular place to congretate. Some people take the job of admin and knowledge keepers on as a lark. And there is much more to say here on this topic.\
\
By and far, the most useful scribes of the world are folks with photographic memories - the Eidetics. The common day scribes treat them as gods. For the scribes, they must forcibly commit to memory each day things like \'91which group managed to drain the Dead Sea on the 13,598th day?\'92 or \'91what is the world record for longest waking day?\'92. For the Eidetics, once the piece of information has crossed paths with their eyes, no effort is required to retain these facts. The scribes play at being historians - the Eidetics are living history. \
In the first few thousand years, 2,451 Eidetics have made appearances on reddit (according to other Eidets). The capitol E denotes a special standing to distinguish regular old \'91folks with great memory\'92 from the elite. To be an Eidet with a capitol E, one must be able to do the following:\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2520\tx2880\tx3240\tx3600\tx3960\tx4320\li1440\fi-360\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Know what number day it is\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Recite on demand any page of the ecylopedia brittanica\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Recite the reddit usernames of all other identified Eidets so far confirmed, in order\
\pard\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Of this group of 2,451, 487 are also polymath eidetics. These people can not only tackle the tasks above, but can also recite on demand any sequence of the number pi up to the 100,000th digit. \
	Of the original group there are also 14 polyglot eidetics. They can pass the basic tests as well as being able to conjugate any verb \'91to be\'92 in any of the 6909 living languages still spoken in the world 
\f1\i today
\f0\i0 . \
	According to reddit and the Eiditic collective itself, there are 4 polymath polyglot Eidetics. The first identified was Gaius Middleton. \
	The fourth and most recent was <focus of next chapter>.}