{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 23rd, 10:02 am local time\
Roanoke, VA, USA\
1\
Meredith\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \'93Hi Meredith! Nice to meet you!\'94\
The woman speaking extended a hand. \
\'93Pieces of paper call me Dr. Knowles, but you can call me Ally. Nice to meet you.\'94 Meredith, the recipient of the forthcoming handshake, wiped her hands on her skirt and shook as the social doctrine dictated. The two women shook hands in the awkward way that any two people meeting for the first time shake them.\
\'93Nice to meet you, Dr. Ally. Sorry about the hand wiping - I\'92m sure that makes you trepidatious about the reasoning behind the wipe. Let me assure you that I am not nor have I recently been sick. However, this hand was very recently used as a vessel to transport a package of Cheetos into my mouth. Hence the wiping. Honestly I was unprepared and am frankly surprised that a handshake was expected of me at this juncture. Had I known, I certainly would have washed. I\'92m not a creatin. Anyway, hopefully I didn\'92t orange you.\'94\
Dr. Knowles smirked and demurred \'93No, no, not at all. In fact, those are some of my favorite snacks. If you\'92ve \'91oranged\'92 me at all, it\'92d probably blend in with my snack fingers.\'92\
Both smiled. \
There was a bit of an awkward silence as each woman attempted to find a way to look at their fingertips discreetly. \
\'93So, Meredith, what brings you to my office today?\'94\
The patient looked around the room for a bit before responding. \
\'93Well, I\'92ve got this issue that\'92s become a bit cumbersome lately. I have an irresistible urge to powder-up on orange and then slather unsuspecting stranger\'92s hands. I feel like it gives me power over them.\'94\
Momentarily unsure as to the affliction of the patient, Knowles suppressed a laugh and instead smiled and asked \'93Well, then, how does it make you feel to have power over your psychiatrist?\'94\
Meredith felt that her attempt at humor fell flat.\
\'93Sorry. I, sorry. This is the first time I\'92ve ever seen a shrink. Oh, maybe sorry again. I hear that word all the time in modern parlance, but never stopped to ask myself if it was prejudicial. No offense!\'94\
Dr Knowles took the odd comment in stride. \
\'93Some of my colleagues may not care for the term, but I don\'92t mind it. I take it as \'91the person who helps me make my issues seem smaller - the person who helps me look at my triumphs with wide eyes and helps to make my problems \'91shrink\'92 away in the distance\'92, so, no offense taken. I hope I can live up to that motto with you. I\'92m sure you\'92re not here to talk about a junk food addiction or your tendency to offend psychiatric professionals. Small talk is nice, but that\'92s for check-out boys at Smith\'92s and people in line with you at the bank. That\'92s not why you\'92re here. Tell me why you\'92re here, Meredith.\'94\
Meredith uncrossed her right leg and crossed her left instead, then decided it was no good and swapped back. \'93You know, I was really expecting a couch. I was expecting to lay as we had this discussion. Would it be odd if I lay on the floor?\'94 She did not wait for a response - briskly standing then plopping down splayed on her back as she finished the sentence. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath there on the nondescript carpet, then said \'93I\'92ve never had an issue with depression before.\'94\
Dr Knowles leaned forward a bit to maintain line of sight with her patient\'92s face. \'93What has you feeling depressed now?\'94\
Meredith laughed. \
\'93No, you misunderstand me. I\'92ve never had an issue with depression before. NOR do I have an issue with depression today. I\'92ve never been diagnosed with major depressive disorder. Never taken antidepressants or mood stabilizers. No bipolar. No schizophrenia. Sure, I have my ups and downs. I\'92m a sane human being, after all, but most minutes are neither ups nor downs, and when I experience an extreme, it\'92s usually an up. Life is good. If anything, I suppose I have the malaise associated with far-right-of-the-Gaussian intellect. If ignorance is bliss, then the opposite can\'92t be perpetual puppies and a perpetuity of cheetos, right? But it\'92s not so bad. By and large I\'92m great. I love life. I\'92m just fine and dandy. Though\'85 I do have this sequence of thoughts. Pernicious thoughts. They\'92ve led me to a startling but compelling conclusion\'85 that\'92s why I\'92m here. I have a conclusion - a directive based upon certain axioms. It is unsettling. As these thoughts fall in the wheelhouse of mental professionals, I thought it prudent to lay out the premises before a someone trained in the subject my conclusions to a form of peer review.\'94\
Dr. Knowles let the solitary hum of the lights linger in the air for a few breaths. \'93I was provided with your medical history before our appointment. So we\'92re on the same page. Honestly, I\'92ve got to break out of character for a second here. I am loving this. I mean no offense. You wouldn\'92t be here if you didn\'92t have something on your chest that a cup of coffee with a friend could sort out, I\'92m sure. Cauis is a good friend of mine, and he has let on that you\'92re here under his bequest. I hold him in high enough esteem to know that you\'92re being here is a grave matter, metaphysically and potentially physically, so please know that it isn\'92t my intention to diminish whatever you\'92re going through by telling you that I\'92m having a good time. That being said, so many of my clients have pedestrian problems. \'91I\'92m a drunk\'92, \'91I think my girlfriend is cheating on me\'92, \'91I\'92m afraid I don\'92t love my child enough\'92. There\'92s a bunch of variations of my day-to-day, but for most part I could replace myself with a tape recorded interview with someone in the same position as the person in my chair and the results would be about the same. I\'92m good at that stuff. Hell, I\'92m great at that, but it doesn\'92t make my heart soar. I anticipate some soaring over the course of our sessions, though. I think I\'92ll be able to help you. Not because I\'92ve dealt with your issue so many times before, but precisely because this seems like something so NEW. New is what I\'92ve trained for. And from the few times I\'92ve experienced newness, something New appears to be my speciality in psychiatry. So, my patient Meredith, who lays on my floor instead of in my chair, (Knowles stands to take in all of Meredith\'92s prone body) who uses obscure words that most of my patients wouldn\'92t understand and some of which that I must admit I don\'92t understand. What problems do your Cheeto-stained-hands offer me today?\'94\
Throughout the speech, Meredith did not open her eyes. However, her expressive face betrayed all the surprising twists and turns to the therapist\'92s speech. Upon it\'92s conclusion, she perched herself up on one elbow, eyelids fluttering. She smiled the type of smile that a wife gives to husband that intimates \'91you\'92re gonna hate this, but I have some cool news for you\'85\'92\
\'93Dr. Ally, I\'92ve decided to kill myself today unless you can talk me out of it.\'94\
\
\
}