{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 23rd, 7:54 am GMT, Somewhere Over Indiana, USA\
5\
Sydney\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Sydney woke up, wiping the mostly dried spittle from the right side of her mouth as per usual. She couldn\'92t be more excited. The last four days had been heaven on earth. In four short hours, she\'92d be reunited with her brother, Pontoon (or as most other people called him, Jim) and all her now-grown childhood friends. The world was their oyster, in more ways than one. \
The first day, she\'92d landed in Orlando, rented a car, and in a few short hours was in Cedar Key, Florida with all her favorite people. While she\'92d made a livable new life for herself, her soul soared with the salt and the guls - the Spanish moss, the mosquitoes and the Gulf. She\'92d spent the last few years in a place where millions of people envied and hated each other for little good reason after spending most of her life living in a place where a few hundred people loved each other for no good reason. She preferred the latter. \
Those four nights with Pontoon, Avery, James, Candice and Muddy Bob had been hilarious. Uproarious. Life affirming. Their conversations were so full of possibility. And frivolity. And Hungry Howies and favorite high school movies and bonfires and throwing shit off of the top deck just for the fun of it. \
A lifetime of this? Are you kidding? Sydney fancied herself a uniquely lucky girl. \
\'93I think I\'92m ready to do away with the formality at this point. I\'92m just gonna call you guys \'91you guys\'92. So, hey, you guys, you know the drill. We\'92re gonna hit a little bit of turbulance here, as per usual. Put on your seat belts, but make sure to do whatever the hell you want with your seatbacks, your tray tables, and your connected mobile devices. Whatever rules 
\f0\i we 
\f1\i0 gave you in the past for that shit was all made up stuff. I was in a meeting one time where people who made twenty times as much money as me all but admitted that the only reason we have those rules is to keep 
\f0\i you guys
\f1\i0  compliant and fearful throughout the flight. Some sort of freshman psyche compliance bullshit. Anyway. You know what? Seatbelts are your decision too. It\'92s about to get bumpy. You\'92re all adults - make your own decisions.\'94\
The pilot had become increasingly unraveled over the course of the past five days. The whole world had, far as Sydney could tell. She didn\'92t know where all the dour frumpyness came from. Far as she could tell, she got to spend eternity reliving one of the better days of her life. \
She started thinking about how she\'92d spend this best day. They hadn\'92t had a bonfire on the beach yet. Avery would be good at getting wood for the fire. Sydney thought he\'92d be good at similar things as well. She\'92d liked him since late primary school, before she knew what certain sorts of tinglings meant. It was planned out. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 \'93Hey Avery, want to come with me to see if we can get some wood? I want to start a bonfire on the beach tonight!\'94\
 Avery takes the bait and makes a comment about wood. He\'92s always had a crush on her too\'85\
\'93It rained today\'85 You know what\'92s funny? Wet wood is soft. Won\'92t burn - just sits there smoldering and limp. What we need is dry wood - the smaller and more brittle the better. For our fire. Ain\'92t that funny?\'94\
He\'92s shocked by how forward she is and can do nothing but smile goofily. Later they\'92d share a bottle of wine in front of the fire. He\'92d feign an inability to open the bottle with his pocket knife and ask for help. She\'92d oblige, but fumble the bottle into the sand. They\'92d go down for it at the same time and bonk heads - her forehead into his jaw\'85 \'93Ow!\'94 \'93Aww, did that hurt, little one? There there, momma will make it all better.\'94 She\'92d kiss not his mouth, but the side of his mouth with magical healing powers.  Later, they\'92d announce that they were going for a walk. It wouldn\'92t be him or her announcing. It would be \'91them\'92 announcing. An infinite world would reflect across the full moon as they skipped and kissed through the surf. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 The pilot barged through the blast door. He eyed random passengers wildly before saying with a wide grin on his face, \'93My sister lives around here\'85 And I\'92ve always wanted to do THIS!\'94 the captain yanked a handle on the wall near the entrance to reveal a hidden compartment full of parachutes. Deftly, he grabbed the top one and shouldered it, then quickly snapped together straps that went across the chest, around the waist, and through his thighs. No passengers stirred throughout this 15 second performance. Despite the low pressure of the cabin, they all sucked in air and hoarded it for themselves. The pilot grabbed some bright red handle near the entrance, began pulling down forcefully, then paused, after realizing the gravity of the situation. With forearm muscles flexed, the pilot addressed the audience formally. \'93Yipee kay yay yah MOTHER FUCKE\'97\'94 the sound of rushing wind drowned out the last syllable. And the snacking peanuts and cutlery containing tins quickly followed the pilot out of the gushing void. While the pressure quickly stabilized, the passengers did the opposite. \
Sydney didn\'92t know why she did the following, but she did it very quickly. \
She was very slight. Maybe 4 ft 9 and 95 pounds soaking wet. She\'92d be perfect for a heist, a gymnastics meet, or even a high speed plane evacuation. And she had fallen asleep right after going to the bathroom - not bothering to reattach her seatbelt.  She pounced off of her plump seatmates and landed pretty much square in the aisle. It hadn\'92t filled up with panicked passengers just yet; she had a clear shot to the parachutes the pilot had unveiled. A doomed plane is full of unexpected vacuums. Five-day-old gods filled the aisle like melting ice cream on a hot summer day. They charged her without purpose. Sydney barely grabbed a parachute before the suction of the vacuum yanked her out the plane\'92s gaping orifice.\
A vast expanse of brown-speckled green stretched out before her watered eyes. Her grip on the parachute lasted less then a second. \
Free fall.\
Her first though was: \'93Am I going to die? Well, from what I\'92ve seen and heard, I\'92ll likely wake on that plane tomorrow.\'94\
Her second though was: \'93I am going to  on make that pilot sorry tomorrow for what he did today.\'94 Then she thought about that thought for a span of time that was roughly equal to the the span of time that it took her travel the vast majority of the way from an airplane to the ground. She knew that the pilot was up before she was. She thought about how far ahead the pilot was of her against the parachutes. She knew that the pilot would always be able to do whatever he fancied before she could wipe the mostly dried spittle from the right side of her mouth. \
Her third thought was: \'93Tomorrow, I need to start learning how to fly this plane.\'94\
\
Of the passengers who originally started their 5th iteration of October 23rd on that plane before the pilot lost his shit, Sydney was not the only only person to draw the same conclusion. }