{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 25th, 7:15 am local time, Brooklyn, NYC\
3859\
Taneisha\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Her eyes opened with a nearly audible 
\f0\i pop
\f1\i0 .\
\'93Fuck. Oh, damn, bae. I wanna do that again.\'94 She stroked Larry\'92s hair, smiling big, knowing that he wouldn\'92t wake up for another 45 seconds or so. \
In that span, spinning images of knuckles, grit, blood and air rifled past her morning-clouded corneas. She saw the throng. Her first push. The terror-joy on the middle-aged chinese man\'92s face as he relented to her thrust, sending him city-borne. The wind made her eyes water. She felt he jaw - painless now despite the fracture it\'92d suffered moments prior. She remembered locking eyes with that pidgeon, acting all bored while Taneisha was on the way down.\
\'93There she is,\'94 Larry croaked as he stirred and lids unslitting, \'93there\'92s my Tyson\'94. Larry poked his finger in her stubble-less armpit, knowing the slight, preemptively raising a defensive arm. Taneisha\'92s instincts were honed, though. Before his arm attained its intended defensive position, her hand shot the gap and delivered a gunshot flick to his forehead 
\f0\i thwap
\f1\i0 . \
\'93Ow, ha - damn girl\'94 shielding his face with one hand, caressing her neck with the other.\
\'93You should know better now, Lar. I\'92ll getcha!\'94 She feigned another deadly flick - he earnestly defended against it. Tussling turned to kissing.\
Using both her hands to cup his face, Taneisha pulled her face a few inches away for emphasis - making sure his eyes were open - and lustily sighed \'93A-GAIN\'94. \
\'93Oh, ok, so this is just what we do now? We wake up every morning and walk 2 miles so you can throw old Chinese people off of buildings?\'94\
\'93Ha. What\'92re you tryin\'92 to say here? I threw a lot of people around yesterday, Lar. 
\f0\i Some
\f1\i0  were old. 
\f0\i Some
\f1\i0  were Chinese. And yeah, maybe I singled them out because they were lighter, but that don\'92t mean anything.\'94 Larry snuggled his back to her, assuming the little spoon position.\
\'93No you\'92re racist for sure. Agist too.\'94\
She giggled at the accusation. \'93Nah, not racist against Chinese. Now, Koreans, ok, maybe I\'92d go out of my way now and then for one of them. Old Chinese people purely a weight thing. Easy pickins. I\'92m an equal opportunity tosser, bae.\'94 her tone transitions into that of a carnival barker, \'93
\f0\i \'91Takin\'92 all colors - all creeds, all types all breeds. Come one fatties and twigs, come all cunts and prigs. Step right up! Getcha a turn on the Taneisha Tyler elevator for a one-way trip to pavement!`\'94\

\f1\i0 \'93Yeah, yeah, ok. Don\'92t go gettin\'92 too big a head now. How you even know they gonna have it again today? Shit like this comes and goes, ya know. Only been goin on, what, 3 days so far? Stuff like that fizzles out fast.\'94\
Brow furrowed, she grabbed her phone \'93shit, good point - lemme check.\'94 With her attention elsewhere, Larry slid out of her clutches to attend to his mandatory morning mitcuration. Over the familiar sound of the morning stream, he heard a delighted squeal. \'93Wassup?\'94\
\'93Get this, Lar. 
\f0\i Not only
\f1\i0  is it on like Donkey Kong 
\f0\i to-day
\f1\i0 , but whoever stays up there longest gets official ledger with the Master of Records!\'94\
\'93Ho, no shit? That Caius dude\'92s gonna devote a brain cell to the some king-of-the-mountian horseplay, eh? Tight.\'94\
\'93That\'92s right, bae. And this girl\'92s gonna take her black belts and her black ass right up to the top of that mountain and declare herself King. Nah, queen, not king. Taneisha Tyler - Queen of the Empire State Building.\'94\
\
}