{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 23rd, 7:58 pm local time, BBC Studios, London\
500\
Ann\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \'93Two minutes to air!\'94 said an uninterested sounding person over the PA system. Ann straightened out the pleats in her blouse. It had been a little while since she\'92d been on TV so she was a bit nervous.\
TODO <more setup here for who she is, how she got here. Some little story about something extreme that she witnessed on the way to the broadcast studio. Maybe a comment about how they are shorthanded.>\
Fast forward to the start of the program.\
\'933, 2, \'93 the camerawoman stopped counting out loud and pantomimed \'93one\'94, then pointed to the host. \
\'93Good evening, and welcome to BBC news primetime. I\'92m your host, Colin Joss. Tonight we\'92re marking an important milestone in these unprecedented times - namely, the 500th time that everyone on earth has collectively relived the same day over again.\'94\
\'93Of course, we all have questions about why this is happening. Sometimes I wonder myself if this is actually happening at all or if I\'92ve just lost my marbles. There are questions of religious or philosophical natures that we both cannot and should not presume to know the answers to as a news organization. However, we can and will continue to report the news as long as we are able to do so.\'94\
\'93Tonight, we focus on the facts around exactly what is happening to the brain as we continue to exist in this world. To that end, we have three guests informed on the subject. At the left end of the table we have Neville Styer - Head of the Department of Psychology at Oxford university. In the center is Dr. Pastich Ramsey - a medical doctor and leader in the field of neuro- pathology. Closest to me we have Dr. Ann Thompson - professor emeritus at Cambridge and leader in the field of neurogenesis. Welcome to the program to each of you.\'94\
\'93Pleasure to be here,\'94 Ann said, along with similar sentiments from the other guests. While she had been watching Colin Joss do the introductions, she noticed a large spot of tea on his collar and was having a hard time concentrating on the next bit of conversation. \
Joss continued, \'93Dr. Ramsey, let\'92s start with you. You have performed countless autopsies over the course of your life, no doubt, and are very familiar with destruction of neural tissue. What can you tell us about the impact that immortality is having on the brain?\'94\
Ann looked over to Ramsey, who straightened in his seat and gave a short throat-clearing half-cough as he answered. \'93Ahem - well, at this point we\'92ve all seen what happens. Surely some of you have witnessed the miracle of breaking an arm, falling asleep, and waking up with that same arm perfectly intact and pain-free, yes? Well, the question we aim to answer is \'93is there any evidence of brain trauma, even at a microscopic level?\'94 To answer this question, we wanted to look at a case study that included the maximum amount of trauma per day. We got word of a very early riser in America who is only awake for a brief moment each day before being crushed to death by a tree. Thus, we performed the following experiment: First we devised a simple, replicable procedure for procuring some of the brain tissue. This is particularly easy in this case as it is no longer contained in the cranium. \'91
\f0\i Place a syringe exactly one centimeter above the bottom-most point in the opening of the left temple, insert the syringe exactly one centimeter in depth, then draw exactly one cc of tissue\'92
\f1\i0 \'94 Ramsey says as if by rote. \
\'93It sounds like you have that procedure memorized, Dr. Ramsey,\'94 Joss commented.\
\'93Quite right. You see, we must perform the sequence of events in exactly the same manner each time for the experiment to have any utility. Once the tissue is harvested, our American colleagues take it to a lab and analyze it for typical signs of trauma - things like the percent of intracellular tissue present , percent of enzymes present that indicate recent trauma, demyelination of the neurons, and so forth. In total, we ended up with 12 metrics by which we can identify the degree of recent trauma to a brain. Once our colleagues finish collecting these data, we gave them to three volunteer eidetics and,\'94\
Joss cuts in \'93For our viewing audience, I believe when Dr. Ramsey mentioned \'91eidetics\'92 just now he\'92s using a shorthand to refer to people with photographic memories - is that correct?\'94\
\'93Yes, Colin, that\'92s correct! You see, what we\'92re trying to do here is compensate for our inability to write things down and have the same damn thing be written there tomorrow! I\'92m sure you\'92re aware what a pain this is for everyone!\'94 both guest and host share a laugh over this for a moment. \'93But, yes, we performed these tasks each Monday over the course of 25 weeks. We instructed the eidetics not to share the information with anyone else - in particular the pathologists performing the experiments. We also randomized the pathologists and lab technicians that collected the samples and ran the analyses. Then, at the conclusion of the study, the eidetics cross referenced the data they\'92d been tasked with remembering against each other (each had perfect recall, by the way), who then gave the data to statisticians who analyzed the numbers to see how they changed over time.\'94\
\'93And what was the outcome, Dr. Ramsey?\'94 Joss leaned in, seeming genuinely curious about the result.\
\'93Absolutely no difference between the first samples and the last. No evidence of trauma. The tissue has no memory of what happened yesterday, or the day before, or the day before.\'94 \
Ann didn\'92t mean to say it out loud - it just kind of fell out of her mouth like a stray piece of popcorn: \'93Bullshit!\'94\
\'93Dr. Thompson, just because the world has lost all semblance of sanity doesn\'92t mean that we here at the BBC have lost our sense of decorum. Please, curb that sort of language. That being said, it seems that you wish to disagree with Dr. Ramsey?\'94\
Ann gathered herself and donned a self-aware smile, \'93No, yes, of course. My apologies. I didn\'92t mean to impugn Dr. Ramsey\'92s work, nor do I mean to imply that it is anything other than earnest. My blurting was merely shorthand for the fact that what we\'92ve seen is the exact opposite, in fact.\'94\
Joss queried on, \'93How so?\'94\
\'93Well, you see, there is a remarkable amount of overlap in experimental methodologies employed by Dr. Ramsey and his stateside colleagues and the one that we utilized here at Cambridge. We too employed eidedics to keep track of the data \
\
}