{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 25th, 6:39 am local time, Mumbai, India\
93\
Unnamed\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 A being wriggled and stretched its little floppy pink limbs. It tried to open its eyes. And with great difficulty, it succeeded. All it took in were blobs and blurs and proto-colors. Shapes could be made out, technically, but the optical hardware - the cerebellar preprocessors couldn\'92t yet make use of that information. \
The being didn\'92t know that this was the 92nd iteration of the same day. It knew hunger, and with no other tools at its disposal, it wailed out to the void in hopes that this primal desire would be soothed. Were the thing able to string together meaningful memories, it would know that in the previous 92 iterations, at least a full hour of wakefulness would pass before a nipple was presented to coo the call to mother. \
It could be argued that the day of our birth is the day on which the brain is most plastic. Meaning, were you to suffer a traumatic brain injury on that day, your chances of recovering the abilities typically ascribed to that cerebral region are higher than any other day of your life. That plasticity though comes at a cost. While both the body and mind are resilient as rubber on this day, they\'92re also glacially slow and weak. Even the mere ability to form memories is primitive. It takes years (some argue decades) for a sense of self to develop. How can a memory be laid down without a subject capable of experiencing it?\
So, yes, the being wailed, both knowing that the cries would go unheard for an hour and also not comprehending the uselessness of that fact. Or at least, it could have been an hour. Maybe it was just for a moment. Or maybe a lifetime?\
For years, the parents came, every day, heartbroken to have brought a child into this nonsensical world. And every day the child cried and cried, and their hearts broke again. The previous night, the \'91last yesterday\'92 had been long. The parents hadn\'92t gotten around to filling out the paperwork with the child\'92s official name. After a number of years, the parents couldn\'92t take the daily heartbreak anymore and stopped coming to the nursery. \
Eventually, after a very, very long time, the being gained sentience. Trapped in the weak tiny body, it was able to warble out word-like noises that could occasionally be understood by adults. And the being eventually gained enough control of the muscular system that it was able to crawl -, and with great effort, even to able on two feet at times. The being found that paperwork with the \'91Surname` field __________. The being asked around to others who started their days in the nursery of its parents. Some had vague memories that those people had once showed around here, but it had been a long time and no one remembered the name it had been given. \
Over time, the being understood what it was to have a name and decided that it should have one. It read both phone books and other books to get ideas. It decided its name should be Bura Samay.\
\
\
\pard\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Anne\'92s feedback - this just leaps off the page as a problem as place where you have to be explicit about what the rules are in the universe. }