{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 24th (note this is one day later than most chapter headings), 7:15 am local time, 20 miles west and 2 miles above Cairo, Egypt\
1825 (5 years to the day)\
Jennifer\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 The gentle hum of the EgyptAir B737-500 appeared to indicate that craft itself didn\'92t much mind that the cockpit was empty, that there had been no aisle service, or that it was about to breathe a fast, heavy breath out of one of its starboard mouths. \
\'93Man, I wish the Cairo airport weren\'92t in flames - I really didn\'92t want to have to jump again today. But, hey, ADVENTURE! Ok, ready?\'94 Ashley adjusted her goggles and double checked her shoulder straps. She stood, calmly, awaiting Jennifer\'92s response. \
Jennifer swayed a bit where she stood, the events of the day catching up to her. \'93After 36 plus-hours awake, I just don\'92t know how the hell can you still be so damned chipper.\'94 \
Ashley perked up enthusiastically at the accusation of chipperness and delivered a brief, affected monologue: \'93What\'92r\'92ya so tired from, Jen? I mean, it\'92s just been 5 flights, 3 hairy landings, two parachute jumps, and three continents\'85 We didn\'92t have any competition for a plane in Des Moines, those tweakers in Rotterdam barely bruised us, and we finally learned to avoid that turbulence over Turkey. I mean, we\'92ve only had about a dozen Tito\'92s minis... This is a light day for us! Besides, you got to sleep in this morning, remember?\'94 she tee-peed her hands and closed her eyes, sarcastically pantomiming a sleeping. Jennifer just gave her friend an exasperated half smile.\
\'93I sleep in every morning, sweetheart. But anyway\'85\'94 glancing unconcernedly at her equipment, \'93yeah, fuck it - looks good. Hope I don\'92t lose an arm in the breach this time.\'94 Using the safety axe, Jennifer lurched to pry open the handle of the emergency door and was startled by the arresting force of Ashley\'92s arm on hers.\
\'93Hang on, Jen! No need to rush,\'94 A pause - a serious face. \'93You realize today\'92s a special day, right?\'94\
\'93Hmm, special day\'85\'94 Jennifer wasn\'92t following.\
\'93That\'92s right - today is the five-year anniversary of\'85 well\'85 of all of this! Must be some kind of a special day, yeah? And it\'92s not like it was easy to get here again. Let\'92s make sure we get it right this time.\'94 She deftly attended to her friend\'92s assortment of buckles and dangles and straps - \'93Like this - this is gonna pinch like a bitch - gotta pull in these thigh straps lower down\'94. \
Jennifer tilted her head down, looking morosely at Ashley while she bit her lip and cinched straps, \'93In case you haven\'92t noticed, there aren\'92t any special days anymore, my dear. Fifth year anniversary, one-millionth second, seven hundred and thirty seventh week\'85 All days end the same. All days start the same. I guess it is rarer since since we made it to Thursday this time - or wait - did we cross the dateline? Does that make it Wednesday again? Fuck. Probably. Fucking perpetual hump-day.\'94 \
\'93Tut, tut, Jen. I swear, your ennui used to be a lot funnier. Look - it may not matter to you, but it\'92s a special day to me, ok? It\'92s not every day that you get to see one of the ancient wonders of the world, let alone on - on some arbitrary holiday!\'94 Ashley nodded and squealed. \'93Please? Have fun for me?\'94\
\'93Ugh, ok FINE! I\'92ll have fun, Ash,\'94 she yanked the release hatch handle recklessly, \'93but I\'92m not goING TO LIKE IIIIIIIITTTTT!!!\'94\
Her last words hurdled through the morning dawn, spoken so loudly in the threshold - now lost in the whoosh and the thrill. Moments later, the compressed, Dopplered cry of the plane joined her words as victims of the almighty whoosh. \
The first few moments of freefall are always madness. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i \cf0 Empty airplane door-frame, full-size Ashley, ground, impossibly spinning plane door, blinding sun, ground, tiny Ashley, blinding sun\'85 a remembered voice \'93
\f1\i0 shoulders back, palms flat and down\'94
\f0\i \'85 desert, sun, desert, ground\'85 the voice again \'93
\f1\i0 straight core, stiff back, listen to your inner ear and let your head plumbbob its way down\'94
\f0\i , down, down\'85 tiny muscles jetted away energy for micro-adjustments\'85 horizon, horizon, sweet horizon. \
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 Jennifer should have pulled her rip chord then, but felt no internal reminders to do so. She plummeted towards the earth at 150 miles per hour, distracted and daydreamy, bobbing lazily in in the equilibrium of terminal velocity as if on the end of a line, red below and white above, whiling away the twilight on an indian summer night. Yearning for the heat of the desert over the chill of the wind. Musing at the mileage between her and the truly desolate dunes, those devoid of all humanity. Becoming aware of a tiny itch on her ribcage - inaccessible flesh hiding behind her harness. \
Annoying. \
More as an afterthought than anything, she pulled her chord with enough time to avoid any truly debilitating leg injuries (a somewhat disappointing relief). She splashed to the ground in a puff of sand and a jolt of pain. After a brief period of yowling and moaning, some quick slashes with a sharp knife unburdened her from the parachute. Their low-altitude-drop and great timing landed her a mere quarter-mile from the base of The Great Sphinx. She spied Ashley just a couple hundred yards away, hooting and galloping her way towards her.\
\'93Fantastic babe! What a rush! I mean, holy SHIT, right? They look so much different from above than the pictures we\'92ve seen online, don\'92t they?\'94\
\'93I suppose, but I don\'92t know what else they would have looked like from up there. Right now they look kinda bleary - oh, that\'92s right - I fucked up my ankle on the landing - so that bleariness is just tears. It\'92ll pass in a minute.\'94\
The women stood and took in the wonders silently, Ashley grabbing Jennifer\'92s hand.\
Minutes passed just like that. Ashley inhaled sharply before speaking, breaking the spell. \
\'93There\'92s something sweet and poetic about all this here. I wish I could go back in time and see what that cat was like in its glory days - before the nose job. She\'92s still here, but time hasn\'92t been kind to her. But, she doesn\'92t have to worry about time anymore. They can blow her up a million times and she\'92ll always be waiting, right exactly here. Precisely like this. And people who want to wait a few thousand years to see her don\'92t have to worry about missing out on anything. In a lot of ways, we\'92re the same. Her body and ours, but that\'92s all she\'92s got - that mutant body. There\'92s more to us that that - minds can change over time. But not her - she\'92s locked in. She\'92s permanent. It\'92s a comforting thought, but sad too, you know?\'94 \
Ashley\'92s gaze remained fixed on the sphynx. Her sweaty palm gentle and comforting. Without looking away, she said \'93Anyway, no matter how hard you push that whiney little bitch routine, I\'92m glad I\'92m here with you today Jen.\'94\
Jennifer smiled. She used her finger-locked hand to pull in Ashley\'92s arm around her waist, then upgraded the hand\'92s position to pull their shoulders together. Resting the head of her shorter body on Ashley\'92s deltoid, she sighed and relented, \'93I\'92m glad I\'92m here with you too, babe.\'94\
Ashley tugged her closer briefly and then made some room between them so she could look Jennifer in the eyes. Still holding her hands, she asked \'93Do you remember what we talked about a couple years ago? Right before the last yesterday? You were depressed and were saying that there were no more big, joyous surprises left for you. How did you put it? \'91No more ordered, magnificent improvements\'92? How\'92s this one do ya, sweety?\'94\
Jennifer inhaled deeply and looked around her best friend\'92s face to the monuments beyond. The plane they\'92d jumped from a few minutes earlier suddenly exploded - flashes of violent red and glimmering orange bounced off of the still-smooth tip of the Great Pyramid. A herd of unattended camel spooked and sprinted past the neck of the sphynx creating an impression of a right-sized playful choker for the cat. The women\'92s eyes locked once more.\
\'93I said that I wouldn\'92t experience any more \'91order of magnitude\'92 increases in joy anymore. I\'92ll freely admit it, this is pretty fucking great, Ash. But that\'92s just it. I\'92ve been here before. Not literally, but this emotional plane, yeah sure. Hundreds of times in my old life before Groundhog Day started and hundreds more since. Nothing about it is bad, but the highs get shorter and shallower. It\'92s diminishing returns. What\'92s the 100th time you shot heroin feel like compared to the first? I\'92ve took the happiness car off the lot long ago, and every day it\'92s worth less and less.\'94\
Ashley\'92s face dropped - she hugged her friend and closed her eyes. \'93I guess I get it. I wish you didn\'92t have to feel that way. I don\'92t know what to do to help you. What are you going to do with eternity with an attitude like that, girl?\'94\
Empathetic tears drew lines in the silt on Jennifer\'92s shoulder. She worried that those tears would serve as a well-spring for her own, but none came. Smoke from the plane\'92s wreckage tainted and twisted the morning sunbeams to give the effect of making the sphynx seem to cry too. \'93From now on, no more drugs. Or sex. No more jumping out of planes to see pretty old shit. Just an unbridled passion to see this all end. There\'92s gotta be a way out of this loop. A loophole. I\'92ve got an eternity to find it and not much else better to do with my time.\'94\
\
\
Need to add in stuff about being tired\
Might need to explain why they are jumping\
May need to try harder to make the characters likeable - need to infuse jen with a little bit more likeability - more contemplative than off the cuff\
\
}