{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0\stshfdbch0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT{\*\falt Courier New Italic};\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT{\*\falt Courier New};}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\stylesheet {\s0 Normal;}}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author }
{\creatim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo6\dy23\hr17\min36\sec18\timesinceref740882178}}\margl1440\margr1440\margb1440\margt1440\paperw12240\paperh15840\viewkind1
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 October 23rd, 8:34 pm local time, 200 miles west of the Baja Peninsula, Pacific Ocean\
121\
Jennifer\
\
\pard\fi720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 I\'92m not sure why I\'92m writing this\'85 tradition I suppose? Of course, I won\'92t be able to read this back again tomorrow, or next week, but today seemed important enough to me that I felt like it would be almost rude of me not to put this memory in you. After experiencing it, I feel the need to reflect on it as well, and writing in you usually gives me funhouse mirror reflections. Growth only happens through reflection, I guess? I think so. I hope so. \
When we first got on the cruise, we saw ads for discounts for future cruises - bigger discounts for longer cruises. They had a list of all cruise lengths and the last category was 15-40 days. Pete and I laughed \'91can you imagine being on a cruise for FORTY DAYS?!\'92 I\'92ve been here three times longer than that now. Today my interminable cruise took a surprising turn. \
\
I finally did it - I walked around the ship buck-naked for over an hour. \
All 300+ pounds of me. \
It was INCREDIBLE. \
\
You see, after the initial chaos and panic subsided on the ship, the exhibitionists got started early. Lots of young ladies sunning topless. Old guys rummaging through the dry food pantries with everything just flopping around. I swear a quarter of the ship was naked by the end of last month. At first, it weirded me out. I found it, I don\'92t know, sexually aggressive? It made me worry that there would be attacks? Even though there weren\'92t any that I noticed, I quickly felt hatred for them. As I observed them, I started to wonder why I felt this way. Most of them were just minding their own business, in their own little naked worlds. They didn\'92t hassle me or have any impact on my life other than subjecting my eyes to wrinkles, dimples and tan-lines I wasn\'92t accustomed to seeing.\
I was writing in you one day when I figured it out - the true source of the anger I was feeling. It was jealousy. In retrospect, it should have been pretty obvious to me. Surprised I didn\'92t figure that part out earlier. Of course, why would the girl who\'92d spent her whole life exercising in vain, crying over clothes that won\'92t fit, and avoiding events that tended to involve revealing clothing feel any other way? It was a miracle I agreed to come on this cruise in the first place! Before the Last Yesterday, I hadn\'92t even been swimming yet. \
When you\'92re living in a world that doesn\'92t abide by the laws of time and space anymore, you do things that may seem out of character. Or maybe you redefine your character? Or maybe you just discover what its been all along, hiding underneath? Anyway, Pete was supportive of my decision. Sort of. When I articulated my plan to him last night, he just laughed at first. When he saw that I was serious though, he took off his glasses. I thought I was in trouble. But he just said \'91well, you\'92re a big girl. Um, you know, you\'92re an adult. That\'92s not what I meant. What I mean is, if this is something you want to do, then I support that decision. I honestly have no idea how it\'92ll go over. I don\'92t think I could stand to see people gawk at you or, god forbid, say something mean. I\'92d probably try to throw them off the damn ship! Would you mind if I didn\'92t go with you? Do you think you\'92ll be safe?\'92\
I told Pete that he\'92s 110 pounds soaking wet and that if anyone was going to be throwing people off of ships for being mean to me, it would be me doing it, not him. I\'92ll admit I was a little hurt, but honestly I didn\'92t want him there with me anyway. This was personal. This is a cathartic release that predates us. \
Well, it went about how I expected it would. There were plenty of disgusted looks, averted eyes, and catcalls. There was even this one fratty-looking guy who said \'91Oh, shit! It\'92s the Staypuffed Marshmallow Man come to life! This is end of days shit!\'92 I didn\'92t find myself feeling offended though - I felt amused. I just chuckled and walked on. \
But I also got a lot of the unexpected. The old ladies seemed to particularly like it. Lots of double thumbs-up and a few high fives. Much to my surprise, I got a couple spanks too. I was even more surprised at myself when I didn\'92t mind those either - would either squeal or laugh when they did it. The last guy who did it I spanked back, really hard. \
Jiggling my way around the ship, I turned the corner near the Neptune bar of the Baja deck and ran into Jason and Stacey. Stacey looking up from her book, her mouth shaped in a giant exagerrated O, Jason frozen in the middle of pouring a glass of Kahlua, all bug-eyed - that was the moment when I felt the most self-concscious. The first few nights of the cruise, before the endless day started, we had dinner with Jason and Stacey each night. They\'92re a sweet couple, and she\'92s about my size. Definitely the closest thing to a friend that I\'92ve made so far here. I felt fine flaunting my flab in front of strangers, but this made me feel like I was back in Indianapolis having a dream about showing up to work with no clothes on. Stacey\'92s expression quickly morphed though into a smile as wide as half a pizza. She hollered, hooted, clapped. She stood, embraced me tightly, and then gave me a kiss smack on the lips. \'91Jennifer, thank you. I feel like this gives me permission to do it to. I have ALWAYS wanted to.\'92 She started taking off her clothes just like that. I still wanted to ride out the feeling a little while longer though - I was having the time of my life - so I said \'91tell you what, let me do a quick lap around the top deck and I\'92ll meet you back here in 10 - want to do a little bit of jogging on the running track\'92 I said with a wink. \'91See ya soon, sexy mama!\'92 And I gave her a spank too as I exited the bar. Rawk star. \
When I got to the top deck, Pete was there. And little peter was there too. He just smiled at me. \'91Actually, sounded like a damn good idea, so I decided to give it a try and come find you.\'92 We kissed and held hands and strutted the track in all our glory. Later we met up with Stacey and she joined us. At that point, I think we started a trend. By the time I went back to my room it was practically a nudist colony out there. I felt free and unashamed. And a little chilly.\
I\'92ve decided what with the slow apocalypse and all, I\'92m going to start treating my body as what it is - an avatar. I used to be ashamed of myself. I also used to be terrified at the notion of a sea of endless days at sea. Now I\'92m excited to see what my new reflection is going to look like. Excited to see in which new ways I\'92ll grow into the self that I\'92m becoming. The self that I\'92ve always been.  }